README.md, before:

### SMS Portal Notification Channel for laravel

## SMS Notifications

## Version Support
Laravel 5.5+, 6, 7

## Installation

Send SMS notifications in Laravel powered by [SMSPortal](https://www.smsportal.com/). Before you can send notifications via SMSPortal, you need to install the `neolikotsi/laravel-smsportal` Composer package:

```bash
composer require neolikotsi/laravel-smsportal
```

The package will automatically register itself.

You can publish the migration with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Illuminate\Notifications\SMSPortalServiceProvider"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:

```php
return [
    'client_id' => env('SMS_PORTAL_CLIENT_ID'),
    'secret' => env('SMS_PORTAL_SECRET'),
    'base_uri' => env('SMS_PORTAL_URL', 'https://rest.smsportal.com/v1/'),
    'delivery_environment' => env('SMS_PORTAL_ENVIRONMENT', 'production'),
];
```

## Formatting SMS Notifications

If a notification supports being sent as an SMS, you should define a `toSmsPortal` method on the notification class. This method will receive a `$notifiable` entity and should return a `Illuminate\Notifications\Messages\SMSPortalMessage` instance:

```php
/**
 * Get the SMSPortal / SMS representation of the notification.
 *
 * @param  mixed  $notifiable
    * @return SMSPortalMessage
    */
public function toSmsPortal($notifiable)
{
    return (new SMSPortalMessage)
                ->content('Your SMS message content');
}
```

## Adding as Delivery Channel
Add the channel `smsportal` to the notification delivery channels.

```php
/**
 * Get the notification's delivery channels.
 *
 * @param  mixed  $notifiable
 * @return array
 */
public function via($notifiable)
{
    return ['mail', 'smsportal'];
}
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Adjusted delivery environment settings, environment aware

README.md, after:

### SMS Portal Notification Channel for laravel

## SMS Notifications

## Version Support
Laravel 5.5+, 6, 7

## Installation

Send SMS notifications in Laravel powered by [SMSPortal](https://www.smsportal.com/). Before you can send notifications via SMSPortal, you need to install the `neolikotsi/laravel-smsportal` Composer package:

```bash
composer require neolikotsi/laravel-smsportal
```

The package will automatically register itself.

You can publish the migration with:

```bash
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="Illuminate\Notifications\SMSPortalServiceProvider"
```

This is the contents of the published config file:
Delivery environment settings can be enabled via environment specific flags or just the `SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED` flag
Note: If your environment differs from the options below, simply add in your own env as a key with the value being true/false

```php
return [
    'client_id' => env('SMS_PORTAL_CLIENT_ID'),
    'secret' => env('SMS_PORTAL_SECRET'),
    'base_uri' => env('SMS_PORTAL_URL', 'https://rest.smsportal.com/v1/'),
    'delivery_environment' => [
            'production' => env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED', env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED_PRODUCTION', true)),
            'staging' => env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED', env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED_STAGING', true)),
            'develop' => env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED', env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED_DEVELOP', true)),
            'testing' => env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED', env('SMS_PORTAL_DELIVERY_ENABLED_TESTING', false)),
            ],
];
```

## Formatting SMS Notifications

If a notification supports being sent as an SMS, you should define a `toSmsPortal` method on the notification class. This method will receive a `$notifiable` entity and should return a `Illuminate\Notifications\Messages\SMSPortalMessage` instance:

```php
/**
 * Get the SMSPortal / SMS representation of the notification.
 *
 * @param  mixed  $notifiable
    * @return SMSPortalMessage
    */
public function toSmsPortal($notifiable)
{
    return (new SMSPortalMessage)
                ->content('Your SMS message content');
}
```

## Adding as Delivery Channel
Add the channel `smsportal` to the notification delivery channels.

```php
/**
 * Get the notification's delivery channels.
 *
 * @param  mixed  $notifiable
 * @return array
 */
public function via($notifiable)
{
    return ['mail', 'smsportal'];
}
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.
